What a pretty woman, New York women are very sexy! I’m going to invite her for a cocktail. If you watch Sex and the City, you know what the most fashionable drink is in New York.
With license, you are very “bonit”. Would you like to take a cocktail with me? A Cosmopolitan? Very “gustose.”
Cosmopolitan, what is this, 1999?
I didn’t understand what she said. Maybe I need to watch more Sex and the City to learn how to be cool in New York.
Remember the girls from Sex and the City and their Cosmopolitans? It seems so naïve today. Cosmopolitans are very tacky, so sweet and with uncreative ingredients.
They come from the 1980s, and use vodka, a drink that is out of fashion for not adding any taste. How about gin, or bourbon, or a good tequila.
Even cachaça is better. These days, the cool cocktails are either quite old, like from the 19th century: a Manhattan, an Old Fashioned, a classic Martini with gin and vermouth.
Or they’re house creations with original, artisanal ingredients. A bar offering a Cosmopolitan special during happy hour could be a fun place, but it’s not the best New York has to offer.
The city has many bars with excellent cocktails – I’ll put some links in the description of the video.
But to get started, go to the Up & Up in the West Village. Take the A, B. C. D. E or F train.
The Up & Up is new – it opened up in a basement in the middle of Greenwich Village.
Here, the crowd runs from young to old, the $14 drinks on the menu are quite special, and they use top ingredients.
Now you can impress someone.
May I have a Stone Crush please?
Absolutely.
Look at the Stone Crush that Rogério ordered: vermouth, Brennivin, which is a liquor from Iceland, cucumbers and more. Even the ice is prepared carefully so the drink doesn’t get watery.
Other drinks are served creatively.  And better yet, the bartenders are very talented.
But they won’t judge you if you really want a drink with vodka. Oh, but I will. Vodka is for fricking idiots.
[New Yorkese class]
Oh, sorry, I was just using the Amigo Gringo app, available in the App Store and Google Play. It has all our videos and the places we recommended are on a map.
But that doesn’t mean you should subscribe to the channel.
And now, your New Yorkese class. Why is this place called the Up & Up? It’s sort of a double-entendre. “On the up and up” is an old expression that means legitimate, honest or trustworthy.
But just one “up” means a cocktail without ice, the contrary of “on the rocks.” The expressions are totally different, don’t mix them up. Up is without ice. Up and up means legitimate.
Let's practice.
This place is really on the “up.”
May I have a Manhattan “up and up”?
Amigo Gringo’s recommendations are his own; there is no commercial agreement with businesses mentioned.